# Current based contact estimation for legged robots
This project aims at predicting the ground reaction force in z direction of polymander robot.
This is achieved with supervised learning techniques, like linear regression. The model is trained
with the motor feedback currents and the ground truth force measured by a force plate.

## Classes
There are three classes to load the data.
- LogPolymander read through csv files of data measured by polymander motors.
- LogForcePlates read through txt files generated by Kistler force plate.
- LoadData read files of a directory and store LogPolymander objects in a list and LogForcePlates objects
in a list.

## Files
### Feature engineering
feature_engineering_utils.py -> contains all functions to treat the signals

### Train the models
train_model.py -> trains one robust model and save in models directory  
models_comparison_freq_amp.py -> trains 9 models, one for each amplitude and frequency and save in models directory

### Prediction
predict_static_poly_forces.py -> prediction of the force when polymander is static (one limb is moving)  
predict_walking_poly_forces.py -> prediction of the force when polymander is walking 

### Influence of amplitude and frequency
influence_of_amplitude.py -> train three models at different amplitudes and compare the performance  
influence_of_frequency.py -> train three models at different frequencies and compare the performance

These files also compare simple linear regression and multiple linear regression.

### Analyze one experiments in details
analyze_one_experiment.py -> plot details of feature engineering and 3D visualization of the data
